Q: Who are you?
A: Noel BANDZZZ 

Q: How tall are you?
A: 6'1 6'3 on a good day

Q: what is your favorite color?
A: Purpol

Q: What are you?
A: Guyanese and Dominican

Q: What is your purpose?
A: to live life to the fullest

Q: How are you?
A: left to desire

Q: How old are you?
A: I was born july 2007 do the math

Q: What school do you go to?
A: Boys and Girls High School

Q: What are your hobbies?
A: American Football (catch & watching), Hanging out with the broskis, Pondering, Go to movies, Eating, 

Q: What is your favorite meal?
A: Popeye Chicken Sammich

Q: What are you doing?
A: Stimming

Q: What is your take on the dress is blue with black stripes or white with gold stripes?
A: its white and gold if you say anything else your color blind

Q: Who are your enemies?
A: Christan, Myself, freshmen, and whoever keeps raising prices on gas prices

Q: What is your shoe size?
A: 11.5 yk what they say big feet big socks

Q: What makes you happy?
A: Women and Money

Q: Which do you prefer Pancakes or Waffles?
A: Pancakes

Q: What is your happiest memory?
A: Seeing my bank reaching 1,000+ I was truly up

Q: Who would in a fight a million piranha or 2 great white sharks?
A: 2 great whites

Q: What is your bench press?
A: 165 im lame 

Q: What is your squat?
A: 245 im lame

Q: What is your deadlift?
A: 345 IM A GOAT

Q: How much do you weigh?
A: embarrasingly enough 280

Q: How much money do you have?
A: not enough

Q: What is your main goal?
A: Have a big happy future

Q: Is your momma proud of you?
A: I do not know probably not to be honest 

Q: How did you get your name?
A: my momma saw a christmas commerical in the middle of summer and wanted to keep the N trend in me and my siblings names and chose Noel

Q: What is your middle name?
A: My middle name is Cole

Q: What is your favorite movie?
A: My favorite movie is Entergalactic

Q: What is your favoite dessert?
A: My favorite dessert is cookies and cream vanilla strawberry Ice Cream

Q: What are some of your favorite shows? 
A: AWoG, Boondocks, Rick and Morty, Chowder, Im really getting into Suits and I started Winning Time: The rise of the Lakers Dynasty. 

Q: Who are some of your best friends?
A: Tyler, Jalen, Jesyah, Roman, Tracey